feat(plugin-iceberg): Add zorder to rewrite_data_files (#27561)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/iceberg.rst

``sorted_by``                    array of        Specify an array of one or more columns to use for sorting. When
                                 strings         performing a rewrite, the specified sorting definition must be
                                                 compatible with the table's own sorting property, if one exists.

>                                                  Supports standard column sorting (e.g., ``'col ASC'``) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                                 Supports standard column sorting (for example, ``'col ASC'``) and
```
Avoid Latin abbreviations. See the [GitLab documentation style guide recommended word list entry for e.g.](https://docs.gitlab.com/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list/#eg) for discussion and alternatives.

>                                                  z-order sorting (e.g., ``'zorder(col1, col2)'``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                                 z-order sorting (for example, ``'zorder(col1, col2)'``).
```
Avoid Latin abbreviations. See the [GitLab documentation style guide recommended word list entry for e.g.](https://docs.gitlab.com/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list/#eg) for discussion and alternatives.
